Generate serialized data in build script (#24)
github/rust-gems: crates/bpe-openai/README.md

# OpenAI Byte Pair Encoders

Fast tokenizers for OpenAI token sets based on the [bpe](https://crates.io/crates/bpe) crate.
Serialized BPE instances are generated during build and lazily loaded at runtime as static values.

> The overhead of loading the tokenizers is small because it happens only once per proces and only requires deserialization (as opposed to actually building the internal datastructures).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overhead of loading the tokenizers is small because it happens only once per process and only requires deserialization (as opposed to actually building the internal data structures).
```
